[clang] add fallback to expr in the template differ when comparing ValueDecl (#93266)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

- Fixed an infinite recursion in ASTImporter, on return type declared inside
  body of C++11 lambda without trailing return (#GH68775).
- Fixed declaration name source location of instantiated function definitions (GH71161).

> - Missing fallback to expression in the template differ when comparing ValueDecls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve diagnostic output to print an expression instead of 'no argument` when comparing Values as template arguments.
```

Or something like this?
